# Amazon-Food-Review-Project

Introduction
There are a number of ares of interest when predictive models are applied to human languages, such as semantic analysis, sentence breaking, word segmentation, and question answering. This field is called natural language processing (NLP) and this project will focus on one aspect, semantic analysis. The dataset will be taken from https://www.kaggle.com/snap/amazon-fine-food-reviews, which is data of fine food reviews by amazon users hosted on kaggle. The data roughly contains 500k rows of users who are providing food reviews. The review consists of the number of stars the user gave (between one and five, with five being the highest rating), the actual text of the review, and number of people who indicated that the review was helpful/not helpful. The goal for this project is given the text review of a product, predict whether the overall summary was a positive (4 or 5 star rating) or a non-positive (less than 4) outcome.

Approach
After obtaining the Amazon Fine Food Review data, it will be cleaned after some exploratory analysis is done. There can be some missing data or long reviews which users typed in accidentally, which may create bias in the predictive models. These anomalies will be studied through visualizations and deleted from the main dataset as needed. Other features may be engineered during this process if the possibility of enhancements seems feasible. Once the data is cleaned and explored, some baseline models will be created. Then a convolutional neural network (CNN) is fitted on the data and performance will be compared against the baseline models.
